Contracts of 

You can watch the video alone, or you can run an application to floats a window above the browser, furtherer decoding the image.  Keeping it in the family, the application can be downloaded here:
	http://code.google.com/p/rikiglue/downloads/list
The source, including authoring tools, is available, and can be inspected as not to be malicious.
	http://code.google.com/p/rikiglue/source/checkout

You can select 'Window->Float On Top" to keep the window always above, which is useful once for doing A/B comparisons. It would be best to watch it at 1920, though post-processing can require a lot of resources at that resolution.

Encoded in the frames are instructions that perform a variety of encryption/decryption routines using a set of languages and standards. A specific routine will attempt to replay the events that are in the background of the video.

Said events occurring in the background, include changing the home-page of a website for most-likely less than a second before returning it to its prior state.

Anyone can use the application, but theses specific instructions that could be deemed malicious are encrypted and can only be used by you.  The server hosting https://guggenheim.org/ seems to have an RSA key pair. From the 'File' menu you can open the RSA-private key (as written by openssl). Even if you got this far, the bureaucracy of the situation to get that key I imagine an insane task, so I apologize.  You can look for the changes at http://gavinbrown.biz/, but the odds are again stacked
against you.  The instructions are executed as shell commands, so they're not atomic.

You can witness the page it was changed to at http://gavinbrown.biz/mehugsrikrit/
The obstrufucation does have it's limits though: The change occurred in the evening of a Bastille Day, but no claim is made on it's uniqueness.

There are some eggs involved. They were prepared in a glass that broke during execution. They were consumed anyway, and a reconstruction exists.

There is a fairly large set of platforms and targets involved, so please accept there may be bugs. Please also note there is working audio, though I am still waiting for a response to the rights. I will post the other with the audio, though this version must exclude it in order to not violate your terms. I have but one bed, and I not use it properly.


---------- Forwarded message ----------
From: xxx xxxx <xxxx-xxxxxx@xxxxx.x>
Date: Sat, Jul 31, 2010 at 5:32 AM
Subject: Contracts
To: Filippo Marinetti <xxx.xxxxx@xxxxx.xxx>
	Heylo.
	
	Writing non-fiction takes forever and I keep expunging seemingly
	critical words. I also seem to write it to someone who knows my life not
	the least so I apologize if any of this is redundant.
	
	Grossman broke my heart in the summer of '99. Twas sad. I did that whole
	light thing outside her place (god I'm no better than Cusack). One day
	while I was baby sitting it, some guy in possible tweed really likey. I
	believe he worked for the Passerby; in what capacity I don't remember,
	but invited me to an [after]-party at a Galpagos that looked more like
	something from 'Blade in Vietnam', later that week.
	
	I read up , there was an article in Art Forum about a show
	that featured tons of [small] paintings by tons of painters...It was 99
	so Mr. Brown didn't have the weight of today...Talked a [lengthy] bit
	about him annoying calling Julian Schnabel to put a piece in the show,
	so I was pretty into this character.
	
	Think I took Corbet with me.  Twead introduced me to Brown at some point
	but I think he was already on to better things in his head, though I
	don't think I was particularly sociable at that time either.  His
	general nature left me pretty sour on the whole art market.  Which kind
	of sucks, cause I hadn't even finished school yet, and all it seemed to
	be telling me was I would at least have better luck there..He did have a
	crazy mustache, and Corbet and I either left or spent the night referring
	to him as 'the pirate.'
	
	I was still curious about the shows he was doing, and remember catching
	Tiravanija's apartment, show. There was a stereo inside, and ( placed
	|| left ) CD's.  I wasn't into most (there was actually one really shitty
	techno guy I kept hearing about in Berlin years later)...but hadn't yet
	heard and adored two Smog CD's.  I borrowed them, and have always been
	pissed that it's current state equates to stealing.
	
	Just handing them over seems a bit banal.  I had recently come across
	the idea of posting them on his website....Though this is all dependent
	on whether I can locate said CD's, I had hoped to talk about this in person,
	though it occurs to me Bastille Day is a wonderful day for such a venture. 
	Perhaps you can let me know if you thought it be best if I not found them?
	
	I truly hope this reaches you in spirits.
	I should mention a blessing comes with a free ski-mask.
