Heylo.

Writing non-fiction takes forever and I keep expunging seemingly critical words.
I also seem to write it to someone who knows my life not the least so I apologize if any of this is redundant. 

Grossman broke my heart in the summer of '99. Twas sad.
I did that whole light thing outside her place (god I'm no better than Cusack).
One day while I was baby sitting it, some guy in possible tweed really likey.
I believe he worked for the Passerby; in what capacity I don't remember, but invited me to an [after]-party at a Galpagos that looked more like something from 'Blade in Vietnam', later that week.

I remember reading up , there was an article in Art Forum about a show that featured tons of [small] paintings by tons of painters...It was 99 so Mr. Brown didn't have the weight of today...Talked a [lengthy] bit about him annoyingly calling Julian Schnabel to put a piece in the show, so I was pretty into this character.

Think I took Corbet with me.  Twead introduced me to Brown at some point but I think he was already on to better things in his head, though I don't think I was particularly sociable at that time either.  His general nature left me pretty sour on the whole art market.  Which kind of sucks, cause I hadn't even finished school yet, and all it seemed to be telling me was I would at least have better luck there..again Brown didn't have the weight of today, but he did have a crazy mustache, and Corbet and I either left or spent the night referring to him as 'the pirate.'

I was still curious about the shows he was doing, and remember passing possibly the party's, but definitely Tiravanija's apartment, show.
There was a stereo inside, and either placed or left CD's.  I wasn't into most (there was actually one really shitty techno guy I kept hearing about in Berlin years later)...but hadn't yet heard and adored two Smog CD's.  I borrowed them, and have always been pissed that it's current state equates to stealing.

Just handing them over seems a bit banal.  I had recently come across the idea of posting them on his website in the 'for sale' section.  Though this is all dependent on whether I can locate said CD's, I had hoped to talk about this in person, though it occurs to me Bastille Day is a wonderful day for such a venture.  Perhaps you can let me know if you thought it be best if I not found them?

I believe the price will be by phone-call, but if I change my mind, would you have a good estimate?
You wouldn't happen to have Schnabel's phone number?
I once crank called Harmony Korine, which also leaves a sour taste, but have yet to devise a solution.

I truly hope this reaches you in spirits.

I should mention a blessing comes with a free ski-mask.
Tell Ara I really think it should be up to the buyer to bronze or not?